Mention `not-planned` argument of the /close command in README (#533)
timja/github-comment-ops: README.md

### /close

> Closes the current issue. `not-planned` can be passed as argument as closure reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Closes the current issue. `not-planned` can be passed as the closure reason, e.g. `/close not-planned`.
```
